CONTENTS
 1. How to upgrade Gallery
 2. How to upgrade a modified Gallery

1. HOW TO UPGRADE GALLERY

In general, upgrading is very easy.  All you need to do is unpack the
latest version of Gallery on top of your old installation and then
continue to use it as usual.  

	NOTE: Back up your old Gallery installation just in case!

If a significant enough change has happened to Gallery, it will force
you to run through the config wizard again, but it will save all your
old settings so that should be pretty easy.

All your html_wrap/ and css/ changes will be preserved.

2. HOW TO UPGRADE A MODIFIED GALLERY

If you've only modified files in the html_wrap/ and css/ directories,
then you can follow the instructions in section 1.  

If you've modified the .php files that come with Gallery, then your
upgrade difficulty is directly proportional to the number of changes
that you've made.  It's best to avoid modifying the .php files because
you can be sure that sooner or later we're going to change the system
in a way that will cause your modifications to break.  You can control
much of the appearance of Gallery by making changes in the htmnl_wrap/
and css/ directories; it's best to limit your changes to those files
if at all possible.

The easiest way to make this kind of upgrade is to first get an idea
of the changes that you've made.  Get a copy of the original version
of Gallery that you installed and unpack it in some other directory
(we'll call it orig_gallery).  Then, diff all the files between the
original gallery and the one that you've modified:

	% cd home		[go to the dir containing both
	% ls			 gallery and orig_gallery]
	gallery   orig_gallery

	% diff -r -C 3 orig_gallery gallery > my_changes

This will create a file called "my_changes" that has all the changes
that you made to Gallery.  You can apply these changes to the latest
version that you've installed by saying:

	% cd directory_containing_new_gallery
	% patch < my_changes

But the odds are good that this WON'T WORK because we'll have made
so many little changes to the .PHP files that the patch program won't
be able to handle them all.  It's worth a try, though.

If you've done something that you think might be of value to the rest
of the Gallery community, how about mailing that patch file to us
along with a description of what it does so that we can take a look at
it?  We don't want your work to go to waste and we want to make it
easy for you to keep upgrading Gallery.
