
Localization in Gallery 2.0

[[ XXX - work in progress                                  ]]

======================================================================
The implementation of localization is inspired by phpNuke.

In the gallery directory will be a directory called "language", within 
are directories for every available language in the Gallery
installation. Within a language directory is a file called 
"language.inc". For example, in the case of english there will be a 
file:

  <gallery dir>/language/eng/language.inc

global.inc contains a a constant definition for every block of text
that appears in a Gallery page. An example of such a definition:

  define("_EDIT_OPTIONS_SAVE_CONFIRM", "Are you sure?");

All language constants have an underscore prefix and are all-caps. 
Multiple word constants have words seperated by underscores.

Language constant keywords should use a very specific, declarative
form. It should be clear from the keyword exactly where this text
is used. For example, the admin login label on the view_album page
might be _VIEW_ALBUM_COMMAND_LOGIN.

Layout specific localization
=====================================================================
Because the layouts may also display, the application will attempt to
load language constants from them as well. It will look in the 
layout's directory for the appropriate language file. In the case of
english:

  <gallery dir>/layout/<layout name>/language/eng/language.inc

It's up to the layout to use the constants it defines. 

Language configuration
======================================================================
In the first pass, language is not user selectable. It is a Gallery-
wide setting, configured in the configuration wizard. 

the next level of sophistication (given time) is to have a Gallery-wide
(or album) config parameter: "allow user to choose language". If enabled
a new command would appear on the Album page "[language]". Clicking
this would bring up a dialog to allow the user to choose from the 
available languages. This would be stored in the session, and possibly
in a cookie.

(2001-11-27 21:24 mrm: when would we *not* want to allow the user to
choose the language?)
